hey guys this is Jenna and this is going
to be a contact lens video my other
videos in the last one I made that I put
up was my vampire lips video because i
am going to be a vampire for halloween
as i mentioned in that video and I've
been waiting for about two weeks from my
contact lenses to come they shipped from
Korea which is what it's a fat long to
come and they are red this is what they
came in I haven't opened them yet these
jars here and it's like a water and
saline solution that they're stored in
and they also came with this case which
is really cute actually this is the case
here and the lids look like little pig
heads or bear I don't know what animal
did it what it is but those are the two
ears and you can see like the nose in
the front and those are the covers for
the case and it's cute so I don't have a
mirror right here this is my video
camera I mean this is my digital camera
not a video camera so I can't see the
image of myself so I'm just going to
pause it i'm going to put the contact in
and then I'll be right back so alright
guys so every time I'm supposed to pause
the video I end it so that's what I did
again but this is just a continuation so
these are the contacts there read what i
like about them is that they're not just
the red they have that black outline and
they also have some there's a little bit
of like black detail on the lens itself
so it's not just read you know it's kind
of it's red with some visual interest I
guess and I'm going to wear these on
Halloween as part of my costume I'm
going to be a vampire so I'm gonna wear
them for that they're pretty comfortable
the only thing is that usually what i
found on contact is that when i put them
in my eye the area that's supposed to
allow your pupil to show through is
usually big enough for it but on the
lenses it's not big enough for my eyes
so i'm seeing some of the red of the
lens my vision is not being disrupted in
any way I can see everything around me
but I can also see some of the red from
the lens what else can I say about these
so they look really cool which I'm
excited about they look good um they I
don't know what the expiration date is
there's no expiration look on this
little too oh well it says august 2013
but i don't think that i think that's
for when they're sealed i don't think
once you open them they last that long
so i probably say for something like
this maybe 30 days i'm going to toss
them after halloween anyway because i
won't have a need for them after that
these are strictly for costume purposes
and what else can I say and when I
actually do wear them on Halloween I'm
not going to keep them in for more than
six hours a bad version anyway
and I'm wary of foreign objects in my
eyes for a long period of time so that's
that um if you guys want to see me with
my fangs I have them right here next to
me I'll put them in so you can see
what's get a vampire lb so again here's
one thing I got these from Van fangs
calm which is a really popular website
and because we're so popular and so
reputable I'd say if you want to get
things as well you probably just get it
from them they're really inexpensive and
there are websites where you can find
coupon codes and you can save on
shipping or you can know save a little
bit of money on the price will be paying
for them so these are my fangs if you
saw in my last video I wore them in my
last video and I molded them to my
canines which are my pointing ones so
I'm just going to snap them on it's so
easy
all right there we go so they're on and
I haven't been wearing them like I said
I would to get used to them so it still
kind of makes me talk with a little bit
of a lisp and I feel like I'll look a
little bit different with them on um but
whatever I like the overall look I think
it looks pretty good and I think once I
have my costume all and I my makeup is
done and I got my hair going that
everything will really come together
well so um I don't know what the website
is off hand that I got these contacts
from I know that i purchased them from
that particular website because a lot of
them now are saying that you need a
prescription to order these lenses and I
did not have prescription and I was not
about to go in and pay like a home
dollars for a vision test to get a
prescription for some lenses that I was
only going to wear one day so I found
this website that they're actually a few
of them um one of them is also body
jewelry com I'll put all that down below
I promise you so I can't remember right
now but i'll let you know and so yeah
thank you for watching my video rate
comment and subscribe have a great day
and I will talk to you soon